{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Thresho v1 by Ross From Friends
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Thresho is a utility that records up to 4 stereo audio inputs automatically based on a user-defined db threshold. Once the audio reaches that threshold, Thresho begins recording; once the audio drops below the threshold, and the \'91decay\'92 period has been completed, it stops recording.\
\
The timestamped file is then, by default, imported into the user\'92s \'91User Library\'92 within Ableton\'92s sidebar.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Quick Start/How I Use It\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulc0 \
\ulnone 1) Drag and drop Thresho.amxd into any Ableton project\
2) Create a separate audio channel to monitor your input (Thresho does not monitor input)\
3) Select the input you\'92d like to record through within the Thresho plugin\
4) Send some audio through chosen input\
5) Go to \'91User Library\'92 on the left sidebar, then \'91Thresho\'92\
6) Drag your recorded files within \'91Thresho\'92 folder into your project\
\
If you Drag the folder \'91Thresho\'92 into \'91Places\'92 (beneath \'91User Library\'92) then it\'92s much easier to access if you want to use a recording in a different project. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I find that a long decay (~5 mins) is good if you\'92re in and out, messing around all day and want it recorded. Shorter if you want to get ideas out over the top of a current project.\ul \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The Buttons
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\b\fs28 \ul Select Inputs
\fs24 \ulnone \

\f1\b0 \
Select the inputs Thresho will record based on your Ableton project\'92s audio preferences. \
\

\f0\b\fs28 \ul Timer
\f1\b0 \ulnone \

\fs24 \
\ul Stop/Split\
\ulnone Manually stops recording if audio is below the threshold. Creates a new file if audio is above the recording threshold.\
\
\ul Timer\
\ulnone Displays the elapsed time of current recording/length of most recent completed recording. Red LED signifies Thresho is recording.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Decay\

\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
Determines the length of time Thresho will record after audio is below the recording threshold. \
\

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc2 Filepath\

\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
Change save destination to a user-defined filepath.\
\

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc2 WAV/AIFF\
\

\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone Select file type.\
\

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 Thresho\
\

\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone The db threshold that Thresho will begin recording at.\
\

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 Gain\
\

\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone Gain reduction/addition of recorded file.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Notes/Bugs\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
When Thresho records multiple inputs, it merges them. I\'92m working on a multichannel version that records separate files.\
\
While Thresho is recording it sometimes doesn\'92t let you undo things within the current project\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 When you choose your inputs, it does not save this information when you load up a new instance of Thresho\
\
Defining the filepath does not save this information when you load up a new instance of Thresho\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}